<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="topicId" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Scope</title>
	<body>
		<p>The MTM Encounter supporting documentation templates are designed to provide a vehicle for reporting the results from the Medication Review (e.g. Comprehensive, (CMR) or Targeted (TMR) Medication Reviews) and/or Medication Therapy Management Services, including Clinical Documentation, Medication Therapy Outcomes and also to provide the patient-specific personal Medication Action Plan and Medication List.</p>
		<p>This guide contains a subset of the CDA templates developed for Stage 1 Meaningful Use and for Health Story compliance to the section level that are required for implementation of MTM documents.</p>
		<p>Additional optional CDA elements, not included here, can be included and the result will be compliant with the documents in this standard</p>
		<p>This implementation has been developed to allow use with the Medication Therapy Management (MTM) and Query transactions defined in the NCPDP Specialized Standard Implementation Guide. Implementers in this realm should consult the NCPDP documents listed below for further information and clarification. Implementers using other HL7 or ASC X12 standards in their processing of MTM services should consult those standards for incorporating this CDA.</p>
	</body>
	<topic id="guide">
		<title>NCPDP Specialized Standard Implementation Guide</title>
		<body>
			<p>This document contains the general information needed for implementing NCPDP XML transactions used in other exchanges. The implementation guide supports the business functions of Medication Therapy Management and Queries for clinical information exchange. This document provides information to other NCPDP documents that are to be used in implementation.</p>
		</body>
	</topic>
	<topic id="martix">
		<title>NCPDP Standards Matrix</title>
		<body>
			<p>This document contains a high-level overview of the latest version/release and/or the most commonly used of those standards and implementation guides, as well as NCPDP’s Data Dictionary and External Code List. Additionally, this document provides version/release/publication reference charts for approved and draft NCPDP standards/implementation guides.</p>
			<p>These documents are available to NCPDP members in the &quot;Members&quot; section of the website at <xref format="html">www.ncpdp.org</xref>. Non-members may purchase the documents via membership; please see <xref format="html">www.ncpdp.org</xref> or contact the NCPDP office at 48&#216;-477-1&#216;&#216;&#216;, or via Internet e-mail at <xref format="email" href="ncpdp@ncpdp.org">ncpdp@ncpdp.org</xref>.</p>
		</body>
	</topic>
</topic>
